all righty boys and girls welcome to
Thursday I know it's an exciting
exciting day but we're here sitting on
the side of the road we have no trailer
on we just went and got ourselves
registered at CP so cuz I guess they're
doing more and more of the containers
through Yankee going out west and coming
from out west to here so they need the
inner can guys to me I don't know if
it's restricted just to entertain but
hey as many people as possible to get
registered to be able to go in and out
of CP it's not like it's anything
difficult did it long time ago anyway so
they make you watch this you know five
minute little security video safety
video for the yard and that's about it
and you get your card and boom you're
done so you're all delivered we've done
the CP thing or empty trailers dropped
at the door ball yard now we're just
sitting here waiting for them to give
out to me as to whether I can go cuz
it's home time I want quote dime and of
course then there's you know something
new that'll be on the video we'll be
doing home time video yes but there's a
new family member at home we have to
share with you I know that's kind of
giving it away almost but we'll see
we'll see
alrighty we're home don't know if the
puppies have noticed me yet well we
still have to put mulch here on the
garden let Linda and Jessica all the
flowers planet so it looks nice
everything's coming nice here
alright so time to go get it tacked
of course there's gonna be a new attack
II but they attack he's in her crate
good girl
yes please home Oh who's over there she
doesn't know what's going on
Chisholm got a clue hiya Dakota how'd
you come yes baby I know
hello hello hello
look look who's in there who's that
little person yes yes I see you in here
this is Molly
everybody meet Molly hello oh you're
dribbly happy dribbly yes I don't know
baby
hello this is Molly hello Molly
say hello to everybody Molly mm-hmm
you're the good little girl
okay we'll be back the second revving up
please Koda you ever knew in that case
in my family huh yeah it's not you for
once no it's that one over there seen
upper ya engine apart yes right
we said nutbar doing huh
what's the nutbar doing hey malli hey
malli in the malli malli
where'd you go hey hey malli hey you you
my girl
Naga my old girl my old girl that you
are your go girl
Oh y'all you are in gray hair you just
like me with a nutcase over there huh
that's enough please
Nucky's absolute Nucky's
hi puppy
you